#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.13.0
    # via langchain-community
aiosignal==1.4.0
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.11.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   openai
attrs==25.4.0
    # via aiohttp
blinker==1.9.0
    # via flask
certifi==2025.10.5
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.4
    # via requests
click==8.3.0
    # via flask
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   tqdm
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
flask==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-cors
flask-cors==6.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
frozenlist==1.8.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
greenlet==3.2.4
    # via sqlalchemy
h11==0.16.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
httpx-sse==0.4.3
    # via langchain-community
idna==3.11
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via flask
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via flask
jiter==0.11.0
    # via openai
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.3.27
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
langchain-community==0.3.31
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-core==0.3.79
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-openai==0.3.35
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.11
    # via langchain
langsmith==0.4.37
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
markupsafe==3.0.3
    # via
    #   flask
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via dataclasses-json
multidict==6.7.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via typing-inspect
numpy==1.26.4
    # via langchain-community
openai==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-openai
orjson==3.11.3
    # via langsmith
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   marshmallow
propcache==0.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
pydantic==2.12.2
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.41.4
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.11.0
    # via langchain-community
python-dotenv==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic-settings
pyyaml==6.0.3
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
regex==2025.9.18
    # via tiktoken
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   tiktoken
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   openai
sqlalchemy==2.0.44
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
tiktoken==0.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-openai
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via openai
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via
    #   aiosignal
    #   anyio
    #   langchain-core
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspect
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
typing-inspection==0.4.2
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via requests
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
    #   flask-cors
yarl==1.22.0
    # via aiohttp
zstandard==0.25.0
    # via langsmith
